com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudimagelabeling/CloudImageLabelingProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudimagelabeling.CloudImageLabelingProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/VisionImageProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.VisionImageProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.BuildConfig
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/VisionProcessorBase.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.VisionProcessorBase
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.VisionProcessorBase$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.VisionProcessorBase$2
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudlandmarkrecognition/CloudLandmarkGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudlandmarkrecognition.CloudLandmarkGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/CameraSource.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSource
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSource$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSource$CameraPreviewCallback
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSource$FrameProcessingRunnable
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSource$SizePair
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/barcodescanning/BarcodeGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.barcodescanning.BarcodeGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudtextrecognition/CloudTextGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudtextrecognition.CloudTextGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudimagelabeling/CloudLabelGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudimagelabeling.CloudLabelGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/imagelabeling/LabelGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.imagelabeling.LabelGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/facedetection/FaceDetectionProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.facedetection.FaceDetectionProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudtextrecognition/CloudTextRecognitionProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudtextrecognition.CloudTextRecognitionProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.GraphicOverlay
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudtextrecognition/CloudDocumentTextRecognitionProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudtextrecognition.CloudDocumentTextRecognitionProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/barcodescanning/BarcodeScanningProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.barcodescanning.BarcodeScanningProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/FrameMetadata.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.FrameMetadata
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.FrameMetadata$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.FrameMetadata$Builder
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/textrecognition/TextGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.textrecognition.TextGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/custommodel/CustomImageClassifierProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.CustomImageClassifierProcessor
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.CustomImageClassifierProcessor$1
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/cloudlandmarkrecognition/CloudLandmarkRecognitionProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.cloudlandmarkrecognition.CloudLandmarkRecognitionProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/custommodel/LabelGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.LabelGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/textrecognition/TextRecognitionProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.textrecognition.TextRecognitionProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/custommodel/CustomImageClassifier.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.CustomImageClassifier
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.CustomImageClassifier$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.custommodel.CustomImageClassifier$2
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/imagelabeling/ImageLabelingProcessor.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.imagelabeling.ImageLabelingProcessor
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/CameraSourcePreview.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSourcePreview
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSourcePreview$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.CameraSourcePreview$SurfaceCallback
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/StillImageActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.StillImageActivity
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.StillImageActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.StillImageActivity$1$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.StillImageActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.StillImageActivity$3
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/facedetection/FaceGraphic.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.facedetection.FaceGraphic
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/LivePreviewActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$2
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$3
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$4
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$5
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$6
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.LivePreviewActivity$7
com/google/firebase/samples/apps/mlkit/ChooserActivity.java
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.ChooserActivity
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.ChooserActivity$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.ChooserActivity$1$1
 com.google.firebase.samples.apps.mlkit.ChooserActivity$MyArrayAdapter
